# Demo

**Pre-requisites:** Before demo you need to complete till the step - [Framework Deployment](../../README.md#framework-deployment)

This section provides a quick demo of the solution. The demo consists of the following steps:

1. Start the sample chatbot application locally by following the instructions in the [Sample Chatbot](../sample-chatbot/README.md) guide.
1. Create few conversations using the chatbot application by following the instructions in the [Usage](../sample-chatbot/README.md#usage) guide.
1. Wait for the data to be populated in the Azure Application Insights (this takes 4-5 minutes after the conversation is completed).
1. Run the data transformation pipeline to process the chat logs and generate the data model for evaluation by following the instructions in the [deployment guide](TODO: Update the link).
1. Run the evaluation pipeline to generate the evaluation metrics by following the instructions in the [deployment guide](TODO: Update the link).
1. Open the [Power BI file](../dashboards/LLM_Inspector.pbix)
1. In the page you will see the demo metrics card with sample pre-populated data just for demo purpose. If you want to see the evaluation metrics generated by the pipeline, you can refresh the data in the Power BI file. For data refresh follow the steps:
    1. Click "File" -> "Options and settings" -> "Data source settings" and right click on the each data source and choose 'Change Source' and provide the new data source.
        1. Change `llm-eval-grader-db.database.windows.net` to the Azure SQL database server name that you have deployed.
        1. Change `https://llmevalgraderstorage.dfs.core.windows.net/` to the Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 account name that you have deployed.
    1. Click "Home" -> "Refresh" to refresh the data in the Power BI file.
